Okta conditional access: Renewal is coming soon and what to do about old certificates (#43987)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/okta-conditional-access-integration.md

1. In Fleet, go to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Conditional access** > **Okta** and click **Connect**.
2. In the modal, find the read-only **User scope profile**.
3. Copy the profile to a new `.mobileconfig` file and save.
4. Follow the instructions in the [custom OS settings](https://fleetdm.com/guides/custom-os-settings) guide to deploy the profile to the hosts where you want conditional access to apply.

> Deploying this profile will deploy a SCEP certificate to your hosts. These certificates are valid for 1 year and 33 days.Automatically renewal for this certificate is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/40639). When the certificate is renewed, the old certificate isn't removed. To clean up the old certificate, you can run [this script](TODO).

Author: ```suggestion
Deploying this profile will deploy a SCEP certificate to your hosts. These certificates are valid for 1 year and 33 days.Automatically renewal for this certificate is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/40639). When the certificate is renewed, the old certificate isn't removed. To clean up the old certificate, you can run [this script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/31ec68e325801bfd2199191f70d021383a45161f/assets/scripts/delete-duplicate-scep-certificates.sh).
```

> Deploying this profile will deploy a SCEP certificate to your hosts. These certificates are valid for 1 year and 33 days.Automatically renewal for this certificate is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/40639). When the certificate is renewed, the old certificate isn't removed. To clean up the old certificate, you can run [this script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/31ec68e325801bfd2199191f70d021383a45161f/assets/scripts/delete-duplicate-scep-certificates.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying this profile will deploy a SCEP certificate to your hosts. These certificates are valid for 1 year and 33 days. Automatic renewal for this certificate is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/40639). When the certificate is renewed, the old certificate isn't removed. To clean up the old certificate, you can run [this script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/31ec68e325801bfd2199191f70d021383a45161f/assets/scripts/delete-duplicate-scep-certificates.sh).
```
